Quote below (note: insert on a line!!)
Through practice, gently and gradually we can collect ourselves and learn how to be more fully with what we do.
Everything we do is practice for something greater than where we currently are. Practice only makes for improvement.
Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong.
The more you practice the better you'll be, the harder you train the great in you they'll see.
If you don't practice, you don't deserve to win.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. 
The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner's mind. 
I'm a strong believer that you practice like you play, little things make big things happen. 
Best practices are those practices that generally produce the best results or minimize risk.
When you get to practice against the best, it brings the best out of you.
Practice what you know, and it will help to make clear what now you do not know.
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Practice means to perform, over and over again in the face of all obstacles, some act of vision, of faith, of desire. Practice is a means of inviting the perfection desired.
Practice makes comfort. Expand your experiences regularly so every stretch won't feel like your first. 
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practice every day.
When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better.
Practise like you've never won. Perform like you've never lost.
Sweat more in practice, bleed less in war. 
When you practice, you get better. It's very simple.
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.
The more you practice, the better you get, the more freedom you have to create.
Courage is the most important of all virtues because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
If I don't practice one day, I know it; two days, the critics know it; three days, the public knows it.
The more you practice and study, the better you are… so I still practice and study all the time.
What can cake teach you about life? That practice makes perfect, and if you try something once, it probably won't be perfect, and you have to keep working on it if you want to be good at it.
Practice puts brains in your muscles.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Practice every time you get a chance.